docs: access controller debug (#122)
iotaledger/gas-station: docs/common-issues.md

```bash
redis-cli FLUSHALL
```

## Access Denied by Access Controller

**Problem:**

When executing a transaction, you get a 403 HTTP response with the message: `Access Denied by Access Controller`

**Explanation:**

> The Access Controller in Gas Station is a robust tool designed to enable the creation of highly intricate filtering logic. However, with its complexity and flexibility, there is a chance that you might misunderstand or overlook certain behaviors of the rule-matching system. It is likely that you may have neglected some aspect of the access controller that is preventing your request from being processed.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, maybe more in that direction? ^^

```suggestion

The Access Controller in Gas Station is a robust tool designed to enable the creation of highly intricate filtering logic. However, with its complexity and flexibility, it can become hard to pin down why a certain transaction was rejected or allowed. This might become even more likely in larger and/or more fine granular rule sets.
```
